Chill in style with a dual-tone thin-and-light metal design 9-inch tablet. Hop into an immersive experience with Netflix HD support screen and dual stereo speakers with Dolby Atmos and MTK G80 Octa-Core processor. Get around in style with a dual-tone metal design tablet with equally thin bezels that are stylish, thin and light. Max out your chic factor. Watch Netflix HD on a portable 9-inch HD display for a stunningly mobile cinematic experience. Let Dolby Atmos over dual stereo speakers wash over you for greater immersion.

With powerful MTK G80 Octa Core processor and 32GB of storage, gaming, browsing is just smooth and fun!

Binge, chill and relax with a large 5100 mAh battery that offers up to 13 hours of video playback. And keep a library of your favourite films or shows in your pocket.

Add some ambient sounds to your immersive reading experience to get into the mood. Want to read safer with minimal distractions? We've got your back with our simple set-up and TUV Eye Care-certified screen.

Model number: ZAC30015GB.
Display:

9 inch screen.
Resolution 1340 x 800 pixels.
IPS technology - the picture quality won't be compromised, even from a side view.
Multi-touch screen - you can use a pinching motion to zoom in and out of pictures.
Fingerprint resistant coating - improves usability with scratch and water resistance.
Support for simultaneous display of multiple languages - detects when you switch languages while typing.
Secure your device with facial recognition technology.
Specifications:

2GHz MediaTek helio Helio G80 octa core processor.
3GB RAM.
Internal storage capacity 32GB.
microSD memory card slot.
128GB.
Maximum expandable memory 2000GB.
Front facing camera 2MP.
Rear facing camera 8MP.
Android 12 or later operating system.
App store compatibility: Google play store.
General features:

Built-in speaker.
Wi-Fi and Bluetooth enabled.
Bluetooth - enabling you to easily and wirelessly connect with other Bluetooth enabled devices.
3.5mm stereo headphone jack.
Built-in microphone.
1 x USB 2.0.
USB-C connection.
Keep your tablet's security under lock and key with facial recognition for convenient and safe log-in. Three years of updates ensure you stay secure.
Box Contents:

In the box: Tab M9, USB Type-C Charging cable, Charging Adapter, Clear Case and Film, Guide, Warranty.
USB charger and cable included.
Additional information:

Up to 13 hours battery life (depending on usage).
7.99mm thin.
Size H13.67, W21.54cm.
Weight 344g.
Manufacturer's 1 year guarantee.
EAN: 196802847551.