The E4N series offers a vivid picture and a great sound with Dolby Audio and DTS Virtual: X. Perfect for boxset bingeing in the bedroom or for the kids playroom, it features an intuitive and customisable VIDAA smart platform for quicker access to your favourite entertainment from Netflix, Prime Video, YouTube Freeview Play and more. Smooth Motion MEMC technology ensures judder and lag free viewing. Natural colour enhancer and AI processor also work seamlessly together to deliver natural and vibrant images.

Direct Lit LED - Our direct lit full array TVs benefit from having a grid of tightly packed individual LED's positioned directly behind the screen covering the whole of the panel, leaving you able to enjoy crisp, vivid colours and deep blacks from edge-to-edge.

Natural Colour Enhancer maximises your TVs colour reproduction to ensuring your content is enhanced showcasing true-to-life colours – the way they were meant to be seen.

Intelligent AI Processor - The powerful Hisense processor with AI technology automatically delivers frame-by-frame AI Processing enhancing the picture quality continually and intelligently optimising the picture for brilliant viewing.

Wide Viewing Angle - Forget the Friday night fight for the best seat in the house. Our TVs wide viewing angle means everyone has prime position, you'll enjoy vivid colours day or night.

Stunning sound - Hisense TVs feature DTS Virtual: X and Dolby Audio technology guaranteeing superior sound quality, placing you at the centre of the action every time.

Model number: 32E4NTUK.

2024 model.

Dimensions and Weight

Screen size: 32 inches.
Size of TV H43, W72.6, D8.5cm.
Size of TV with stand: H47.9, W72.6, D18.6cm.
Width of TV stand 68.8cm.
Weight of TV without stand 3.7kg (unpackaged).
Weight of TV with stand 3.8kg.
Suitable for wall mounting 100 x 200 bracket.
Length of cable: 1.5m.
Packaged size H51.5, W81.1, D12.2cm.
Packaged weight 5.6kg.
Screen Technology

DLED TV Screen.
HD Ready display resolution.
Motion rate 60Hz.
Viewing angle 178/178 degrees.
Resolution 1366 x 768 pixels.
Sound Technology

DTS sound system.
2 x 6 watt RMS power output.
Connectivity

2 USB ports and 2 HDMI sockets.
Headphone socket.
AV socket.
Built in Wi-Fi.
Ethernet connection.
Smart TV features

Voice control - works with Amazon Alexa, works with Google assistant, .
VIDAA Smart OS operating system.
Compatible with the following smart apps: Now TV, disney+, Netflix, BBC iPlayer, ITV Hub, My5, All 4, Amazon Prime, YouTube.
Internet browser.
Miracast.
Additional features

Features USB recording and video playback.
Freeview Play digital tuner.
Freeview Play (UK).
Quad core processor.
CI plus slot.
Sleep timer.
Parental controls.
Aerial required.
Manufacturer's 2 year guarantee.
EAN: 6942351405445.
Energy efficiency information:

Energy efficiency class: F.
Energy consumption per 1000h: 27kWh.
Annual power consumption 27kWh.
Standby power consumption 0.5 watt.
In the box

TV.
Voice remote control (requires 2 x AAAbatteries, included).
Power cable.
TV stand.
Screws.
Also in the box: TV, Stand, Remote, Remote batteries, User manual, Power cable.